[main]
host     = https://app.transifex.com
lang_map = zh-Hant: cnt, ar_EG: ar-EG, cs: cz, pt_BR: pt-BR, zh-Hans: cns

[o:tld:p:tld:r:dialogs]
file_filter = <lang>/dialogs.csv
source_file = _base/dialogs.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:factions]
file_filter = <lang>/factions.csv
source_file = _base/factions.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:game_menus]
file_filter = <lang>/game_menus.csv
source_file = _base/game_menus.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:game_strings]
file_filter = <lang>/game_strings.csv
source_file = _base/game_strings.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:hints]
file_filter = <lang>/hints.csv
source_file = en/hints.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:info_pages]
file_filter = <lang>/info_pages.csv
source_file = _base/info_pages.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:item_kinds]
file_filter = <lang>/item_kinds.csv
source_file = _base/item_kinds.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:item_modifiers]
file_filter = <lang>/item_modifiers.csv
source_file = _base/item_modifiers.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:parties]
file_filter = <lang>/parties.csv
source_file = _base/parties.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:party_templates]
file_filter = <lang>/party_templates.csv
source_file = _base/party_templates.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:quests]
file_filter = <lang>/quests.csv
source_file = _base/quests.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:quick_strings]
file_filter = <lang>/quick_strings.csv
source_file = _base/quick_strings.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:skills]
file_filter = <lang>/skills.csv
source_file = _base/skills.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:skins]
file_filter = <lang>/skins.csv
source_file = _base/skins.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:troops]
file_filter = <lang>/troops.csv
source_file = _base/troops.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

[o:tld:p:tld:r:ui]
file_filter = <lang>/ui.csv
source_file = _base/ui.csv
source_lang = en
type        = INI

